>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the
Loneliness Mind Talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that help you to reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that
wherever you are listening
to this audio, you're in a
safe and comfortable place,
you're free from distractions
where you can fully relax
and let go.
So please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing you
need to do at all apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back and let go, and
enjoy all the peaceful feelings
and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you now to make sure
you in a comfortable position
with your eyes closed.
And you inhale
deeply, and hold it
for a count of three seconds.
And exhale slowly.
Again, breathe in.
And when you're ready,
you exhale slowly.
And one more time,
inhaling deeply now,
and exhaling when you're ready.
And you can start to feel
every part of your body
releasing now and relaxing.
Each time you're inhaling,
you're bringing more oxygen
into your body.
And each time you exhale,
it causes your body
to keep relaxing more and more.
And now you can continue
breathing easily and freely
at your body's normal pace.
Gentle breaths in and out as
you normally would breathe,
feeling yourself becoming
more calm and peaceful.
And your subconscious
mind will always
be aware of what
I'm saying to you.
So it becomes less
and less important
for you to consciously
listen to my voice.
Your subconscious mind and
all levels of your inner mind
can hear and receive
everything I tell you.
And your conscious mind
can relax completely now.
And you're continuing
to experience
perfect peace of mind.
And you can feel yourself
moving into the situation
I described to you.
It's going to happen
automatically.
You don't even need to
think about it consciously.
I'd like you to imagine yourself
lying in a comfortable position
near a stream of fresh, clear
water in a beautiful forest
on a perfect summer day.
There's a warm, gentle breeze,
and the air is fresh and clean.
The sound of the peaceful
stream, so relaxing now.
And it keeps becoming
less important
for you to consciously
listen to my voice,
because your subconscious
mind is hearing and receiving
everything I'm saying.
And in your mind, you're
enjoying the beauty of nature
as the sunlight shines
through the trees
and you listen to the
gentle flow of water
and the birds
singing cheerfully.
And you're lying there
comfortably relaxing now,
so peaceful.
And you continue feeling more
relaxed than ever before.
As you continue enjoying this
peaceful, pleasant experience,
a soothing drowsiness is
coming over your whole body
from the top of your head
to the bottom of your feet.
You continue feeling calmer,
more relaxed, and more secure.
And now, as you lie
with your eyes closed,
you are so relaxed and
comfortable and happy
that you continue moving into
a more peaceful, more detached
state.
It may seem like you're
drifting into a state of sleep.
And there may be times when
it seems like my voice is
a long distance away.
There may be times
when I'm talking to you
and you're not consciously
aware of my voice.
And that's fine, because
your subconscious mind
is receiving every word I say.
And from now on, you'll
be influenced only
by positive thoughts,
ideas, and feelings.
More calm, secure, and relaxed.
More comfortable and at ease.
More in control of
yourself at all times.
Your mind enables
you to be relaxed
and calm as you go about the
activities of your daily life.
And now in a moment, I'm going
to count down from 10 to one.
And when I get to
the count of one,
you'll have relaxed into a
deep, deep state of relaxation.
And now take a deep breath
in, and exhale slowly
when you're ready.
So 10, focusing your
attention on your feet.
Think about your feet, about
those feet and toes and ankles.
Allow them to tense and
then release and get loose.
Nine, now all those
muscles in your legs,
your calves, and your
knees, your thighs.
Releasing those muscles
now, feeling your legs
becoming heavier and heavier.
Eight, now feeling that
relaxation spreading
into your body and your chest.
Seven, now feel that
relaxation in your shoulders,
spreading all the way
down into your arms,
down into your hands
and your fingers.
Your arms are feeling heavy,
so relaxed, as if they
belong to someone else now.
And six, allow your
neck to release.
Aware of your face relaxing,
your cheeks and your jaw,
your lips.
Five, let your eyes relax,
your eyebrows, your forehead.
And four, everything
feels loose and heavy,
as if your arms and
legs were made of stone.
Totally relaxed.
You can feel the
weight pressing down,
and you can't be bothered to
move your arms and legs now.
You can enjoy the feeling of
total relaxation, letting go.
The more you relax,
the more you release.
And three, as your
mind drifts off,
you feel a wave of relaxation
traveling down your body,
down from the top of
your head, relaxing
your face, your neck, your
shoulders, your body spreading
down and down.
And two, each
soft, gentle breath
relaxing you more and more.
Nothing matters now.
This is your time.
And one, totally relaxed now.
Totally at ease.
A place where you feel
relaxed and comfortable.
Think of what that
place is like,
maybe a beach or a favorite
chair, or snuggled warm in bed
on a stormy night.
Maybe floating in
some warm water.
Allow your mind to drift
over these things, whatever
feels right for you.
Nothing matters.
This is your time to relax.
Just being in the moment
and letting your mind
empty as you enjoy the state
of deep relaxation now.
We know that loneliness is
a feeling of disconnection
from society.
And for many people,
loneliness can significantly
impact your quality of life
and your physical and mental
health.
While some people may
define loneliness as a state
of solitude or being
alone, loneliness
is actually a state of mind.
It can hurt, and it can
leave you feeling isolated.
But the good news is
it's often temporary,
and today we're
going to help ease
any feelings of loneliness.
This feeling you've
been having is
fueled by the more attention
you give it, the more you
focus on yourself, the more
you become self-absorbed.
It distracts you
from focusing on what
may help you, which is
creating and maintaining
meaningful relationships.
So from now on, you make the
effort to reach out to others,
to initiate conversation,
and to have some face time,
even when you
don't feel like it.
From now on, you're going to
break the cycle of loneliness
by finding and spending
time with people who enjoy
the same activities as you.
You have a newfound
curiosity about others,
finding shared
interests which helps
you to focus your mind on
much more positive thoughts.
As you start to understand
that loneliness is a feeling,
it's not a fact, you realize
you now have the power
to change this feeling.
To build connections,
meet new people,
engage with old friends,
and fill your life
with conversation
and shared interests.
You no longer withdraw
into yourself,
instead feeling a
burst of energy,
an abundance of braveness
and courage and motivation
to connect with people,
bringing a passion or interest
into your life.
You keep your thoughts
positive, understanding
that negative thoughts
no longer serve you.
You feel confident, in control,
and ready to take action
and reconnect with the world.
Some feelings of loneliness can
stem from an emotional memory
or something that's
happened to you in the past.
And if that's
relevant to you, you
decide that now is the time
to let that feeling go.
Living too much in the past
can leave you feeling down,
whereas worrying about what
might happen in the future
can make you feel anxious.
So from now on, you decide
to live in the present,
in the here and now where
you can control how you feel.
And you purposefully
and intentionally keep
your thoughts positive
and uplifting.
Each and every day,
you make a plan
to fight the mental and
emotional habit of loneliness,
because you know now
it's simply a habit.
And from now on, it's
a habit you will break.
You have a newfound energy,
courage, and determination
to make connections,
which sees you wanting
friendly chats with people
because you instantly
feel better because of them.
It may be that you call
family members or friends
or use online video programs to
meet people virtually or talk
face to face.
You search for people who share
mutual interests with you,
whether that's
cooking or sports.
Or you may arrange to
read the same book,
watch the same TV shows, or find
other ways to keep in touch.
Knowing that a shared
interest is a great starting
point for a new
relationship, you're
excited to build on this.
From now on, you make sure
you always seek and create
new experiences,
which in turn makes
you feel connected and valued.
You're no longer afraid of
getting to know new people
or reconnecting
with old friends.
You try out a few
groups to see which
ones fit you best and decreases
your feelings of loneliness
the most.
You feel confident
and self-assured
that people are interested
and want to speak to you.
You have a lot to offer people.
As you connect more and
share your life more,
you still find time to
enjoy being on your own,
enjoying your own
company, keeping
your day filled with
interesting things to do
and people to speak to.
You talk more to strangers,
as even seemingly trivial
interactions with strangers,
like chatting with a shop
assistant or cashier, helps you
to keep your loneliness at bay,
making you feel more
socially connected.
You reach out to
people to say hi,
to ask them how they are,
to chat about whatever's
on their mind.
And these small acts
make a huge difference
and again, help you reduce
those feelings of loneliness,
leaving you feeling
fulfilled and happy.
You feel confident,
full of gratitude
for what you have in
your life, and positive
about the future now.
You start to rethink how you
spend your time, breaking
the old habit of staying
in, watching TV on your own,
or doing things in isolation,
choosing to make the effort
to connect with people instead.
And therefore, making
sure you fill your life
with meaningful social
connections to help you
start living differently.
And perhaps you choose
to find a different way
to interact with others,
such as giving back.
And you know volunteering
is such a valuable way
to meet other people
and to connect.
You find lots of ways to
offer support for people
who may be in a similar
position to yourself,
or whose circumstances may mean
that they're more vulnerable
and in need than yourself.
You're optimistic
about the new life
you're creating for yourself.
You feel in control and
confident about breaking
your old habit of
loneliness and bringing
more social connections into
your life, which makes you feel
happy and much more fulfilled.
You feel confident and
positive about the future now.
And these hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now.
One, two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.